# 0x02. C - Functions, nested loops

	Tasks:

0. _putchar - prints _putchar, followed by a new line and returns o.
1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game - prints the aphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line using the prototype: void print_alphabet(void)
2. 10 x alphabet - prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line using the Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void);
3. islower - checks for lowercase character using Prototype: int _islower(int c) and returns 1 if c is lowercase otherwise returns o.
4. isalpha - checks for alphabetic character using Prototype: int _isalpha(int c) and returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase. Otherwise returns 0.
5. Sign - prints the sign of a number using prototype: int print_sign(int n):

	-Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero

	-Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero

	-Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero

6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you - computes the absolute value of an integer using Prototype: int _abs(int).
7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important - prints the last digit of a number using the prototype: int print_last_digit(int)
8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life - prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59 using the prototype: void jack_bauer(void).
9. Learn your times table - prints 9 times table, starting with 0 using Prototype: void times_table(void).
10. a + b -adds two integers and returns the result using prototype int add(int, int)
11. 98 Battery Street, the OG -prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

	-Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);

	-Numbers are separated by a comma, followed by a space

	-Numbers are printed in order 

	-The first printed is the number passed to your function

	-The last printed number is 98

	-Using standard library is allowed

12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself - prints the n times table, starting with 0 using the prototype void print_times_table(int n);. If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function does not print anything.
13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women -If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. This program computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line. Allowed to use the standard library
14.  In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A - the program prints the first 5- Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line. The numbers are separated by comma,followed by a space. Allowed to use the standard library.
15. Even Liber Abbaci -Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, this program finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+ - This program finds the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

	-The numbers are separated by comma, followed by a space,

	-Allowed to use the standard library

	-Not allowed to use any other library eg GMP etd...

	-Not allowed to use long, long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables or structures

	-Not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
